Add 2.0.0-beta.6 release CHANGELOG entry (#4281)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

### Changelog
#### Features
* Added a callback to the `ArrivalObserver` specifically for waypoint experiences. [#4238](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/4238)

#### Bug fixes and improvements
* Refactored the route line API to improve performance. [#4271](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/4271)
* Significantly changed the way how the `MapboxNavigationViewportDataSource` generates the camera frames that are later animated by the `NavigationCamera`. You can read more about details in the `MapboxNavigationViewportDataSource` class documentation. [#4072](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/4072)
Highlights:
    - When in the `FOLLOWING` state, the first point of the framed geometry will be placed at the bottom edge of the provided padding, centered horizontally. This typically refers to the user's location provided to the viewport data source, if available.

>     - **If you use the `MapboxNavigationViewportDataSource`, you should explicitly define `CameraOptions.padding` in all other transitions that your app is running.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **If you use the `MapboxNavigationViewportDataSource`, you should explicitly define `CameraOptions.padding` in all other camera transitions that your app is executing.**
```
